stretching is actually useless well
let's look at some data this meta
analysis from 2023 looked at 47 studies
that looked at the immediate effects of
stretching they found no difference
between if they were stretching
intensely or if they were stretching
softly everyone had an immediate but
tiny effect in their range of motion so
that begs the question what are the
long-term effects of stretching well
this multi-level analysis also from 2023
looked at 41 studies and they found that
the more time you spent stretching every
single week the more and more flexible
you got over time but what I am
surprised about is that these studies
also reported finding small strength
gains as well don't take this the wrong
way stretching is not going to increase
your deadlift but considering that most
people think that stretching makes you
weaker it's pretty cool to see that the
opposite is actually true I see nothing
but positive benefits of stretching but
if you simply do not want to gain range
of motion don't stretch it's literally
that simple stay flexy